speak out
In this 800-mile radius, only my Li family has water
I won't sell it to you.
The water in your head
Or are you out of your fucking mind?
Hahahaha yes
Then keep your dog eyes open and see for yourself
Xiao He asked someone to carry the water up
Really water
Where did you get the water?
Don't worry about this.
I'll ask you if this water is enough for redemption
If you are short of water in the future
Come to us anytime
Don't let those who care take advantage of your kindness
Brother Wu, thank you, let's go
Go, Xiaoping, you go first, I want to see my father
OK
Let's go
If it weren't for that bastard
I just took Xiaoting down
The second young master has finished the play with you
It's time to keep your promise
Don't worry, wait until I get the small question.
I will marry you together
But what if he doesn't marry?
He Dare
It's the other way around.
Bring the bride price
This young master will come to propose marriage today
The owner follows your instructions.
This is the yard you bought for 100 oceans.
And these millet vegetables and pork
Xiao He did a good job
You can recruit some more people
Just come to our three-meal group
The birth ratio of the owner and Li Dan
You are a living Buddha
What do you want to tell the truth?
You want Xiaohe, right?
Xiaohe is still innocent
Xiaohe, what do you mean?
Xiaohe is voluntary this
Xiao He, why don't you go outside and take a look?
Ok ok
Wow
Xiao He just shows sharp corners
Weijian Yangtze River
Skyrim flow
The second young master is here
Hurry up, Li Yan, please
This young master came to propose marriage today
Marry He Ting, the little daughter of the He family
I brought 10 buckets of water
100 wowotou as a dowry